Select your child Im seeing WordPress child is a safe way to edit a WordPress theme without losing the
changes in the next update.
So what does her child deem a child team will inherit their styling and functionality from another team.
Normally we refer to this as the Biden team
create in our child deem is the recommended way to heavy and existing WordPress theme.
So lets say that you find a really nice WordPress theme on the Wordpress repository of themes and you
want to see some changes maybe you want to add different colors.
Maybe you want to change something in the sidebar or in the main page.
The best way to win this is to create a child theme so let's say that we bought into a bunch of BHB
javascript and CSSA files.
When we create the child team is going to inherit all this functionality into the child team.
So the process of creating a child team if you modify the arena team finds you will lose all the changes
that you made in the next update.
Create in our child team ensures that these modifications are preset And also you can create a team
really really fast you can learn about WordPress in developed man building Chuy's teams so to create
a child team you can create a fall there in the teens for there.
So for example in this case I had it for the recall team.
You can name these whatever you want.
And then you need to create different shows that ph profile and they style that says fine.
And of course you need to provide some information
so lets say that you want to modify a specific file or template copy that file from the original folder
and paste into the Chais deem and then you can make the modifications.
There isn't an important copy only the files that you need to edit you don't have to copy all the files
so you can only copy the home page or the cyber or something like that and you will have complete Deam.
So the next step
beaute are chiding from a storefront.